If he's not paying your bills, break up
with him. If he's using something
vulnerable you shared with him against
you in a fight, break up with him. If
he's throwing items, smashing the doors,
break up with him. If he's making a joke
about you, even though you said you
don't like that and you don't find that
funny, break up with him. If he's trying
to reverse engineer the reality and
you're starting to question your sanity,
break up with him. If you're sharing
that you're hurt and he's making it all
about him and using it against you,
break up with him. If he's pushing you
to do something you clearly said you
don't want to do, break up with him. If
he's hot and cold and giving you
inconsistency,
break up with him. All of these points
are alarm red flags. They are not
something that can be tolerated once or
is understandable because you know what
he's going through. These are actually
more than red flags. And if you tolerate
them once, be sure it's going to happen
again and again and